Executive Summary: 
We decided to obtain our dataset from HAALSI, the Health and Aging in Africa: 
A longitudinal Study of an INDEPTH Community in South Africa. The baseline survey,
conducted by the Harvard Center for Population and Development Studies, in partnership
with the MRC/Wits Rural Public Health and Health Transitions Research Unit 
aimed to study the drivers and consequences of HIV and other NCDs in the aging 
population in South Africa. Our central research interest is the impact of alcohol
consumption on sexual risk behaviors among aging populations in South Africa.
We identified two research questions, which are the effect of alcohol consumption
on the chances of using condoms during risky sexual behaviors and the association
between the frequency of alcohol consumption and number of sexual partners. 
In our dataset, we selected relevant varaibles that fits our interest, including 
sociodemographic data (sex, age, marital status etc.) as well as our primary exposure
and outcome varaibles. Our primary exposure variable are different frequency levels
of alcohol consumption and our outcome variables includes condum use in risky 
situations as well as lifetime sexual partners. 
We first decided to use descriptive visualizations to observe our primary exposure
and outcome varaibles. It is indicated that the majority of population are less 
likely to consume alcohol frequently and men tend to have more sexual partners than
women, which we identified as a potential effect modifier in the later regression 
models. We used bar graphs and boxplots to investigate the association between 
different alcohol frequency levels and the two outcome variables. Both witnessed 
a gradual increase of the proportion who does not use condoms in sexual risky 
situations and the number of sexual partners as the frequency of alcohol consumption
increases. We used logistic regression models to assess the stratified association
of the frequency of alcohol consumption and condum use in risky situations. Similarly,
we used linear regression for thefrequency of alcohol consumption and sexual partners.
There are different patterns stratified by different variables and we concluded
that there could be potential confounding varaibles that affects the association.
